Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
     it's the correct way to reinforce the meaning of content of a webpage rather then only defining 
     it's appearence.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
      It is used for webpage development.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes define characteristics/properties of a element like the width and height of a image. 
    Attributes are specified in the opening of a tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
     is used to indicate a heading for a website. As many times as nessasary.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes?
    They are img and a.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The title.

    7. What is an id? 
The id os a attribute that is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    Header. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once.
    10. What is a class? 
    A class ia  a attribute that is used to specify a class for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    the div element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiable.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
     Add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It specifies an alternate text for an image. If the image isn't displaying correctly the alt attribute
     can be displayed in a different manner.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    Write a # charactor followed by the id of the element.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    The section tag is used to define the sections in a document like the chapters, headers, footers, or 
    any other sections of the document. The div tag is used to define a division or section of a HTML 
    document.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to change the layout out of the page and make it presentable or pretty as I like to call it. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page.

    .h2 {

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
      The difference between an ID and a class are that a ID can only be used to identify one element and  
      a class can be used to identify multiable elements. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
       You use a period and the name of the class to select it.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.class {
          }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 
    And I have no idea when it would be useful yet.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar {
                         }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is a selector that uses elements that are in a specific state..e.g like hover.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    we use line-height.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    You use letter-spacing with px values.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
     We use text-transform.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
 border-style: dotted;
  border-width: 1px;
  border-color: black;
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    right click select all.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    you start a comment with /* , and end it with */.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm and once doen its gone forever there is no recovery its just poof.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
     Becaue it solves the problem of having to review and retrieve previous changes plus it allows us to use a single
      a filename rather than having copies of files with slightly different names for versions and dates. 

   35. How often should I commit to github?
    As often as you think you need to.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
     First you fork your own repo. If successful your name will be in front of the repo
     then you clone your repo on git hub
     then go to git bash and use the cd
     Use git clone to clone the repo to the directory you are currently in
     cd in to the new repo using the cd repo-name command
     Use the **git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command
      to create your own branch name for the repo

    then to commit changes you use:
    git add
    git commit -m "with notes here"
    git push -u and the origin branch name
    checkout -b (first-last name)
    now go to git hub and use pull request
    double check to make sure its your forked copy and not lamdas

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 